this video was made possible by tab for
a cause raise money for charity just by
opening tabs with tab for a cause at the
link in the description Her Majesty
Elizabeth the second Queen of the United
Kingdom Canada Australia New Zealand
Jamaica Barbados the Bahamas Grenada
Papua New Guinea the Solomon Islands
Tuvalu st. Lucia Saint Vincent and the
Grenadines Belize Antigua and Barbuda
and st. Kitts and Nevis will die I know
this is a sensitive topic but at 91
years old she's already both the longest
reigning and longest living monarch in
British history so unless you believe
the rumors that she's immortal her death
is probably on the horizon a certain
level of preparation makes sense as her
passing will be one of the most
influential deaths of this century with
an economic impact of billions of
dollars her funeral will be perhaps the
single most viewed event in human
history with up to 40% of humans on
earth watching 65 years ago the death of
King George the Six was communicated
over the phone to high-level officials
with the code phrase Hyde Park Corner
that way those in charge of the
transition of power were informed of the
Kings passing before the press could
release the information to the public
it's believed that the current Queen's
death will be communicated internally
with the not-so-secret phase London
Bridge is down which will set up a
protocol 65 years in the making
the Queen's private secretary first
contacts the Prime Minister of the
United Kingdom will instruct the staff
to communicate the news to the UK
Foreign Office which will then get in
contact with the governments of the 52
members of the Commonwealth of Nations
mostly former British colonies next is
when the news gets the well news every
commercial radio station in the UK has
what is called an OBE it linked a blue
light triggered by a central office in
London to give DJ's a heads up that the
news of the royal family member's death
is on the way they wouldn't yet know for
certain that it's the Queen but the
protocol is still to switch to a
pre-prepared playlist of somber music in
anticipation of the announcement the BBC
as the UK's public service broadcaster
gets its special heads-up from an alert
system that was originally created
during the Cold War to warn of incoming
missiles before the on-screen
announcement the presenter will switch
to a black tie that the station keeps on
hand specifically for this purpose BBC
One will show her portrait and play the
national anthem the network will then be
the ominous announcements this is BBC
television news buckingham palace has
just announced the death of the queen
union jacks will fly a half mast out of
respect but by law the royal standard
must fly full because by law there is
always a living monarch TV networks have
prepared for decades days of
pre-recorded coverage of the life and
death of the Queen have already been
prepared different experts on the royal
family have already signed exclusive
contracts with certain networks to
appear following the deaf Sky TV and ITV
regularly rehearsed the death coverage
substituting the Queen's name with mrs.
Robinson other networks probably have -
all BBC comedy shows will go off air
during the 12 day mourning period the
death will be one of the greatest news
events of the century airline pilots
will announce the news to their
passengers London will nearly shut down
and an emergency meeting of Parliament
will be called so how much will the
Queen's death cost under British law the
funeral for a reigning monarch is paid
for entirely by the state while we
haven't seen a funeral for a reigning
monarch in over 50 years Princess
Diana's funeral viewed by over 2.5
billion people worldwide had a direct
cost of about 10 million dollars and
that's just funeral expenses the Bank of
England has over 3.6 billion individual
banknotes in circulation each of which
displays the image of the Queen each
note costs about five cents to produce
so remitting the entire currency stock
would cost close to 200 million dollars
but the UK isn't the only country that
would need to reprint their currency
worldwide there are a lot of countries
with the Queen's image on their money a
conservative estimate of the cost to
rement all those different currencies in
all those different countries would be
about 1 billion dollars plus both a date
of the funeral and the date of the
coronation of the new monarch would be
declared national holidays in the UK
which each have an economic impact
through lost productivity of 3 billion
dollars the total cost of the Queen's
death would therefore likely hover
around eight billion dollars a hefty
bill for kicking the bucket but don't
worry unless the words London bridges
down are
and the BBC switches its tie and the
blue lights illuminate the world knows
Her Majesty the Queen is still alive and
well if you want to make sure others are
alive and well you should try out tab
for a cause Taffer causes a browser
extension that displays ads every time
you open a new tab accept the money
raised from those ads goes to different
charities that you choose the average
user generates about five dollars per
month towards charity which isn't
nothing that $60 per year which with
water.org is enough to give safe water
and sanitation to one family just by
having this browser extension which
costs you nothing you can change a
family's life once per year which is
crazy so make the easiest impact you
will ever make by installing this
browser extension at the link in the
description